doc: add ceph-volume inventory sections (#25092)
ceph/ceph: doc/man/8/ceph-volume.rst

Commands
========

inventory
---------

> This subcommand provides information about a hosts physical disc inventory and

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
This subcommand provides information about physical disc inventory in a host, and
```

Otherwise `hosts` should be `hosts's`

reports metadata about these discs. Among this metadata one can find disc
specific data items (like model, size, rotational or solid state) as well as
data items specific to ceph using a device (available for use with ceph, present

> logical volumes a.o.).

Reviewer: what does `a.o.` mean?

Examples::
    ceph-volume inventory
    ceph-volume inventory /dev/sda
    ceph-volume inventory --format json-pretty

> Optional arguments:

Reviewer: The docs build is complaining about line 56 being unexpectedly indented:

> /home/jenkins-build/build/workspace/ceph-pr-docs/doc/man/8/ceph-volume.rst:56:Unexpected indentation.

The error is a bit misleading, I think the indentation is correct, just that there isn't a new line after `Optional arguments:` which causes the `*` not to be rendered as a bullet list.

```suggestion
Optional arguments:

```

* [-h, --help]          show the help message and exit
* [--format]            report format, valid values are ``plain``, ``json`` and

>                         ``json-pretty``

Reviewer: What is the default for `--format` ?
